Add support for matching multiple tmux process names (#12)
samir-roy/code-bridge.nvim: README.md

  tmux = {
    target_mode = 'window_name', -- 'window_name', 'current_window', 'find_process'
    window_name = 'claude',      -- window name to search for when target_mode = 'window_name'

>     process_name = 'claude',     -- string or list of process names to search for when target_mode = 'current_window' or 'find_process'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    process_name = 'claude',     -- process name(s) to search for when target_mode = 'current_window' or 'find_process'
```
